Easy to Oracle - Free open source data integration==================================================Author: Ivo Herweijer | Easy Datawarehouse Solutions  Homepage:http://www.easydatawarehousing.com/easy-to-oracle-free-open-source-data-integration-for-oracle-databases/What is Easy-To-Oracle ?------------------------Easy-To-Oracle is a data integration tool. It can pull data from other databaseslike Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Sybase, SQLite, Presto (Hadoop) and Exceldirectly into your Oracle 10g/11g/12c database. Easy-To-Oracle (ETO) uses thenative communication protocol of the source database, no odbc or jdbc. At theOracle side the fast and flexible 'ORACLE_LOADER Access Driver' is used. ETOonly adds a thin layer to combine the two technologies. As a result ETO is fast !Benefits--------- ETO is fast, depending on the speed of the source database 0.5 Gb per minute  should easily be attainable- Database centric: Tables on remote databases can be used like any Oracle table.  No need for adding database link syntax or quoted names- All functions can be used from within the database using SQL or PL/SQL- Simple to install and use- Can be used for any kind of data-integration, like loading of a datawarehouse,  data migration and even creating a data-virtualization platform- Precompiled binaries availableLicense-------This file is part of Easy to Oracle - Free Open Source Data IntegrationCopyright (C) 2011-2014 Ivo HerweijerEasy to Oracle is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modifyit under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published bythe Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or(at your option) any later version.This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty ofMERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See theGNU General Public License for more details.You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licensealong with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.You can contact me via email: info@easydatawarehousing.com