Easy ... To Oracle - Usage (from a database perspective)========================================================Install package UTL_ETO-----------------------Package UTL_ETO is meant to be installed in the SYS schema. This can only be done by a SYSDBAuser. However it is possible to install UTL_ETO in any schema. Just change the schemanamesappropriately.Installing can be done using SQL*PLUS or any other database tool like SQL Developer or Toad.CD into the directory where you unpacked the ETO source, then cd into subdirectory PLSQL.Open SQL*PLUS, connect with sys as sysdba. Type:@install\_utl_eto.sql This wil install one table and one package.Setup directories-----------------1. Create three folders in your OS and grant access to these folders to the OS user that   the database runs under. Usually 'oracle'. (see script below)2. Create three directories in Oracle and grant access to these directories (see below)3. Start using Easy-To-Oracle. If you get errors like ORA-29283, check for any typing errors,   like the oracle DIRECTORY name is different than the actual pathname, and re-check   the OS level ownership and permissions.Security considerations-----------------------In order to maintain a SECURE system:  1. Don't grant other access rights than these2. Do not use the same folder for these 3 directories3. Use appropriate access rights at OS level (same as on database)OS--Replace 'path_to_dir' and 'oracle:dba' into something suitable for your system.	sudo mkdir /path_to_dir/eto	sudo mkdir /path_to_dir/eto/eto_bin	sudo mkdir /path_to_dir/eto/eto_data	sudo mkdir /path_to_dir/eto/eto_files	sudo chown -R oracle:dba /path_to_dir/eto	sudo chmod -R 770 /path_to_dir/eto	sudo chmod -R 550 /var/oracle/eto/eto_binOracle------	CREATE OR REPLACE      DIRECTORY user_dir_eto_bin AS '/path_to_dir/eto/eto_bin';	GRANT READ, EXECUTE ON DIRECTORY user_dir_eto_bin TO someuser;	CREATE OR REPLACE      DIRECTORY user_dir_eto_data AS '/path_to_dir/eto/eto_data';	GRANT READ, WRITE   ON DIRECTORY user_dir_eto_data TO someuser;	CREATE OR REPLACE      DIRECTORY user_dir_eto_files AS '/path_to_dir/eto/eto_files';	GRANT READ,WRITE    ON DIRECTORY user_dir_eto_files TO someuser;