Easy ... To Oracle - SQLite===========================#### Executable name:             EasySTOra#### Used library:                SQLite (amalgamation)#### Minimum library version:     3.x#### Recommended library version: 3.8.3.1+Preparations------------Since SQLite is included in ETO download the following step is OPTIONAL !  Download the SQLite source code from SQLite.org. Grab the latest sqlite-amalgamation-XXXXXX.zip file.Copy the file sqlite3.h from the downloaded zip file to the EasySTOra/include folder.Copy the file sqlite3.c from the downloaded zip file to the EasySTOra/src folder.Building EasySTO----------------See the general installation instructions.Specific usage information--------------------------SQLite is an embedded database. With the SQLite sourcecode embedded in your application youcan open a database file and do all kinds of databasey stuff. It is however not a client/serverdatabase management system where you send requests to the database.  EasySTOra uses the databasename parameter to point to the SQLite database file. Use theEto_par_file_dir parameter to specify the location of the database file.Any pass-through queries sent to SQLite must conform to the sql dialect used by SQLite.Test scripts------------	DECLARE	  r   pls_integer;	BEGIN	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Create_Database_Connection('SQLITE');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_executable,       'EasySTOra');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_bin_dir,          'user_dir_eto_bin');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_data_dir,         'user_dir_eto_data');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_file_dir,         'user_dir_eto_files');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_def_cacherows,    '1');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_enable_logfiles,  'Y');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_enable_badfiles,  'Y');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_default_charset,  'WE8ISO8859P15');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_list_table_query, 'SELECT name FROM sqlite_master WHERE type=''table'' and name not like ''sqlite_stat%''');	END;	DECLARE	  r   pls_integer;	BEGIN	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Set_Parameter('SQLITE', SYS.UTL_ETO.Eto_par_db_name, 'eto_testfile.db3');	  r := SYS.UTL_ETO.ETO_Create_Tables_From_DB		( pOutputSchema   => 'SCHEMA' -- replace		, pOutputPrefix   => 'SQLITE_'		, pConnectionname => 'SQLITE'		, pDropAllowed    => 'Y'	  );	END;-------------------------------------Copyright (C) 2011-2014 Ivo Herweijer